README.md, before:

# LightExfiltration

<p align="center">
<img src="logo.png" width="40%"/>
</p>

## Introduction
This project was created during an [IoT challenge](https://www.hackfest.tn/iot-challenge/) ([backup description in case the first link is unavailable](https://web.archive.org/web/20201004004507/https://www.hackfest.tn/iot-challenge/)) ran in the [Hackfest](https://www.hackfest.tn/) event.

## Description
This project includes a study and a PoC regarding the possibility of the data exfiltration using the light. The study was performed using:

- A smart plug that have already a lamp configurable with multiple color setting.
- An [emitter](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous/LightExfiltration/tree/main/Emitter) that is supposed to exfiltrate the data using the smart plug's lamp.
- A [receiver](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous/LightExfiltration/tree/main/Receiver) that is supposed to use what the smart plug's lamp have shown to extract the exfiltrated data.

## Authors
- [Mohamed Ali Belhaj Ali (\@v3rlust)](https://github.com/v3rlust)
- [Mohamed Aymen Karmous (\@mohamedaymenkarmous)](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous)

We represented the team "The Emperors" during this project

Commit message:

Updating the project description to include the demo

README.md, after:

# LightExfiltration

<p align="center">
<img src="logo.png" width="40%"/>
</p>


## Introduction
This project was created during an [IoT challenge](https://www.hackfest.tn/iot-challenge/) ([backup description in case the first link is unavailable](https://web.archive.org/web/20201004004507/https://www.hackfest.tn/iot-challenge/)) ran in the [Hackfest](https://www.hackfest.tn/) event.


## Description
This project includes a study and a PoC regarding the possibility of the data exfiltration using the light. The study was performed using:

- A smart plug that have already a lamp configurable with multiple color setting.
- An [emitter](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous/LightExfiltration/tree/main/Emitter) that is supposed to exfiltrate the data using the smart plug's lamp.
- A [receiver](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous/LightExfiltration/tree/main/Receiver) that is supposed to use what the smart plug's lamp have shown to extract the exfiltrated data.

The "[report.pdf](report.pdf)" file describes in detail how the emitter and the receiver works.


## Demo
Using the smart plug, the [emitter](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous/LightExfiltration/tree/main/Emitter) and the [receiver](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous/LightExfiltration/tree/main/Receiver), we have shared some demonstration examples showing how the data could be exfiltrated using the light width different colors and different parameters and how the exfiltrated data was retrieved synchronously (real time using the mobile application) and asnychrnously (offline using the Python script):
- [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1L5SHnHZmVoqQA2tB9qoQ4I0QdYRwPu4y?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1L5SHnHZmVoqQA2tB9qoQ4I0QdYRwPu4y?usp=sharing)


## Authors
- [Mohamed Ali Belhaj Ali (\@v3rlust)](https://github.com/v3rlust)
- [Mohamed Aymen Karmous (\@mohamedaymenkarmous)](https://github.com/mohamedaymenkarmous)

We represented the team "The Emperors" during this project
